# oop-text-adventure
--- HAUNTED MANSION PROJECT ---

Written by:

 * Liz Berberena
 * Jack Davitt
 * Shazia Mansuri
 * Simran Nanwani
 * Huda Yousef
 
A. GAME DESCRIPTION
 
	The objective of the game is to escape from a haunted mansion. The player will need 
	to find and use items, navigate the mansion, and encounter and fight enemies. The 
	game ends when the player is either defeated (bad ending) or successfully escapes 
	(good ending).
 	
 	This single-player game is called Mansion Escape and is structured as a text adventure 
 	that incorporates various topics we have learned in OOP. The objective of the game is 
 	to escape a haunted mansion by moving from room to room in search of the next open door 
 	and any useful items that may help the player escape or fight off the monsters that 
 	may lurk within. The player begins in the lobby, moves through the bar, the kitchen, 
 	the hallway, the master bedroom, and the bathroom until they reach the outside. 
	Through each room, the user is presented with a puzzle or task, and the various rooms 
	may be locked, so the user must use the textual clues to discover where they can go 
	next and what they should do.
 	
 	At the conclusion of the game, the user must defeat the final enemy to make it to 
 	their car, which can only be accessed if the player had picked up their car keys in 
 	one of the previous rooms. There are different endings depending on player actions, 
 	so it is essentially a short and simple “Choose your own adventure” game. The game 
	serves as a mix between storytelling and problem solving although it lacks an actual 
	UI or graphics in the text adventure spirit, so it would be more entertaining to 
	players who are fans of the genre or are highly imaginative and love reading and logic
	puzzles!
 	
B. HOW TO PLAY

	Enter Y to begin a game or N to quit the game. The game will then prompt the player for 
	his or her name. Once the game begins, you can type 'help' for a list of commands. Using
	'go' *must* be followed by a direction (north, south, east, west). 'Take' does not need 
	the item listed after. Other commands include 'drink', 'heal', 'attack', 'look around',
	'view inventory', and 'view health'.
	
C. CHEAT SHEET

	How to win:
	1. Go east
	2. Take (flashlight and bottle)
	3. Go west
	4. take (car keys)
	5. go east
	6. go east
	7. attack
	8. take (hallway keys)
	9. go west
	10. go west
	11. go west
	12. answer puzzle: white
	13. take (pipe)
	14. Go north
	15. attack (may need to use this command multiple times)
	16. Go north
	
D. SECRET COMMAND	

	In the last room, there is a secret command that automatically defeats the last enemy if 
	you don't want to deal with fighting it. This command is 'skip'.

E. SOURCE CODE
	
	The source code for this project can be found at https://github.com/soltk/oop-text-adventure
